CM Tools - Customer Relationship Management Tools (#14)
communityleads/cm-tools: readme.md

- [Task Management](#task-management)
- [Templates](#templates)
- [Community Workspace](#community-workspace)
- [Customer Relationship Management](#customer-relationship)

## Data Collection and Surveys

>Websites and resources for creating forms, gathering data, surveys, and quizzes.

| Website&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | Description |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Google Forms](https://docs.google.com/forms/) |Google Forms is a free survey administration software that enables you to create online forms and surveys with multiple question types. Analyze results in real-time and from any device.|
| [SurveyMonkey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/) | SurveyMonkey is an online survey software that helps you to create, edit, and run professional online surveys. The basic plan allows you to have only 10 questions per survey with a maximum of 100 responses per survey (you can have unlimited questions and responses per survey in the premium plans). |

> | [Airtable](https://www.https://airtable.com/) | Airtable is a platform that makes it easy to build powerful, custom applications. It can also be used to track job interviews, manage large-scale video production, and even collect data. (this tool is a freemium). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Airtable](https://www.https://airtable.com/) | Airtable is a low-code platform that makes it easy to build powerful, custom applications. It can also be used for other things such as tracking job interviews, managing large-scale video production, and even collecting data. (this tool is a freemium). |
```

## Design

>Websites and resources for making designs, mockups, and flyers.

| Website&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | Description |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Canva](https://www.canva.com/) | Canva is a graphic design platform that is used to create social media graphics and presentations.|

## Documentation

>Websites and resources for making documentation, making notes, planning, and staying organized.

| Website&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | Description |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Notion](https://www.notion.so/) | Notion is a freemium productivity and note-taking web application developed by Notion Labs Inc. It offers many organizational tools, including task management, project tracking, to-do lists, bookmarking, and more.|

> | [Airtable](https://www.https://airtable.com/) | Airtable is a platform that makes it easy to build powerful, custom applications. It can also be used to track job interviews, manage large-scale video production, and even collect data. (this tool is a freemium). |

Reviewer: Airtable can be used to perform other things aside job interviews,  manage large-scale video production, and even collect data, so I think we should rephrase this

Author: I did not add Airtable. I just corrected the errors. Do you think I should rewrite it?

Reviewer: @mfonobongd I understand you corrected some errors, but the error correction also rephrase the sentence here making it lose it's meaning.

Can we rephrase it and still maintain the same context?

> | [Airtable](https://www.https://airtable.com/) | Airtable is a platform that makes it easy to build powerful, custom applications. It can also be used to track job interviews, manage large-scale video production, and even collect data. (this tool is a freemium). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Airtable](https://www.https://airtable.com/) | Airtable is a low-code platform that makes it easy to build powerful, custom applications. It can also be used for other things such as tracking job interviews, managing large-scale video production, and even collecting data. (this tool is a freemium). |
```

## Email

>Websites and resources with email services for marketing, broadcasting, and  sending of emails.

| Website&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | Description |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Gmail](https://www.gmail.com/) | Free email service provided by Google; it also supports the use of email clients via the POP and IMAP protocols.   |
| [SubStack](https://substack.com/) | A powerful newsletter tool for your subscribers with blog, newsletter, payment system, and customer support team features  |
| [Flodesk](https://flodesk.com/) | An amazing platform to design and send on-brand marketing emails.  |
| [Mailchimp](https://mailchimp.com/) | Mailchimp is a comprehensive email marketing platform that fulfills all your requirements of email correspondence with customers, affiliates, and other stakeholders |

> | [SendGrid](https://sendgrid.com/) | SendGrid is an email service provider that enables you to design marketing and newsletter emails in different forms; it also allows you to design your emails using its library of responsive templates or start from scratch, design with drag & drop tools, pure HTML, or both or building your own design template from scratch. |

Reviewer: Not sure this change is necessary

| [Zoom (virtual)](https://zoom.us/) | Zoom is a video conferencing platform used for virtual events, enabling remote collaboration through audio, video, and chat. It offers features like screen sharing and breakout rooms for seamless communication. |
| [Hopin (virtual)](https://hopin.com/) | Hopin is a virtual event platform that enables people to host and attend online events. It provides interactive features like live video streaming, networking, and virtual booths to replicate the in-person event experience. Hopin offers tools and customization options for organizers to create engaging and impactful events. |
| [Microsoft Teams (virtual)](https://www.microsoft.com/en/microsoft-teams/) | Microsoft Teams is a collaboration platform used for virtual events, providing features such as video meetings and file sharing. It offers customization options and features like screen sharing and live event streaming to enhance the virtual event experience. |

> | [Google Meet (virtual)](https://meet.google.com/) | Google Meet is a video conferencing platform used for virtual events, offering features like screen sharing and recording. It integrates with other Google services, such as Google Calendar and Gmail, for seamless scheduling and communication; it allows attendees to participate remotely from any location with an internet connection. |

Reviewer: any reason why we are duplicating Google Meet here/

| [Twitch (virtual)](https://www.twitch.tv/) | Twitch is a social video platform where gamers can broadcast, watch and talk about video games. Twitch’s video platform is the backbone of both live and distribution for the entire video game ecosystem. This includes game developers, publishers, media outlets, events, user-generated content, and the entire esports scene. |

## Content Writing

>Websites with copywriting and paraphrasing  tools

| Website&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | Description                                                        |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [CopyAI](https://www.copy.ai/) | An AI-powered copywriter that generates high-quality copy for your business and community  |

> | [Grammerly](https://grammarly.com/) | A cloud-based typing assistant. It reviews spelling, grammar, punctuation, clarity, engagement, and delivery mistakes in English texts, detects plagiarism, and suggests replacements for the identified errors.|

Reviewer: Grammerly and Google Docs is duplicated here, please remove

| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [CopyAI](https://www.copy.ai/) | An AI-powered copywriter that generates high-quality copy for your business and community  |
| [Grammarly](https://grammarly.com/) | A cloud-based typing assistant. It reviews spelling, grammar, punctuation, clarity, engagement, and delivery mistakes in English texts, detects plagiarism, and suggests replacements for the identified errors.|
| [Google Docs](https://www.google.com/docs/about/) An online word document editor with real-time collaboration on online documents from any device.  |
| [QuillBot](https://quillbot.com/) | AI Paraphrasing Tool  |

> | [WriteSonic](https://writesonic.com/) | AI Writing Tool for creating SEO-friendly content for articles, LinkedIn posts, Facebook Ads, Product Descriptions, and lots more. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [WriteSonic](https://writesonic.com/) | AI Writing Tool for creating SEO-friendly content for articles, LinkedIn posts, Facebook ads, product descriptions, and lots more. |
```

| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Todoist](https://todoist.com/) | A turbo boost todo app that lets you plan out your day and week and stay organized  |
| [Trello](https://trello.com/) | Trello is a visual tool that empowers your team to manage any type of project, workflow, or task tracking. |
| [Jira](https://jira.atlassian.com/) | Jira helps teams plan, assign, track, report, and manage work and brings teams together for everything from agile software development and customer support to start-ups and enterprises. |
| [ClickUp](https://clickup.com/) | Align your teams, simplify collaboration, and get more done with ClickUp's flexible all-in-one productivity solution for Enterprises. |
| [Notion](https://www.notion.so/) | Notion is a freemium productivity and note-taking web application developed by Notion Labs Inc. It offers many organizational tools, including task management, project tracking, to-do lists, bookmarking, and more.|

> | [Airtable](https://www.https://airtable.com/) | Airtable is a platform that makes it easy to build powerful, custom applications. It can also be used to track job interviews, manage large-scale video production, and even collect data. (this tool is a freemium). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Airtable](https://www.https://airtable.com/) | Airtable is a low-code platform that makes it easy to build powerful, custom applications. It can also be used for other things such as tracking job interviews, managing large-scale video production, and even collecting data. (this tool is a freemium). |
```

| [Slack](https://slack.com/) |Slack is a messaging app that transforms the way organizations communicate by bringing them together to work as one unified team. It has both the web version and mobile app(s).|
| [Discord](https://discord.com/) |Discord is a free communications app that lets you share voice, video, and text chat with friends, game communities, and developers. |
| [Telegram](https://telegram.org/) |Telegram is a messaging app with a focus on speed and security; it's super-fast, simple, and free. You can use Telegram on all your devices at the same time — your messages sync seamlessly across any number of your phones, tablets, or computers. |

## Customer Relationship

>Tool recommendations for managing customer relationships.

| Website&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | Description |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | [Attio](https://attio.com/) |Attio is a modern, collaborative **Customer Relationship Management (CRM)** tool designed to help teams efficiently manage customer relationships and workflows. It enables businesses to build dynamic contact databases by automatically syncing emails and data, tracking interactions with clients, and customizing workflows for tasks like sales pipelines or hiring processes. Key features include real-time collaboration, customizable pipelines, automated data organization, and intuitive reporting, making it ideal for startups, venture capital firms, and relationship-driven teams seeking a flexible and user-friendly CRM solution.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Attio](https://attio.com/) |Attio is a modern, collaborative Customer Relationship Management (CRM) tool designed to help teams efficiently manage customer relationships and workflows. It enables businesses to build dynamic contact databases by automatically syncing emails and data, tracking interactions with clients, and customizing workflows for tasks like sales pipelines or hiring processes. Key features include real-time collaboration, customizable pipelines, automated data organization, and intuitive reporting, making it ideal for startups, venture capital firms, and relationship-driven teams seeking a flexible and user-friendly CRM solution.|
```

> | [Salesforce](https://www.salesforce.com/) |Salesforce is a leading **Customer Relationship Management (CRM)** platform designed to help businesses manage sales, marketing, customer service, and analytics in one centralized system. It offers powerful tools for lead and opportunity management, sales forecasting, marketing automation, and customer support. Key features include AI-driven insights (via Einstein AI), extensive customization options, integration with third-party apps through AppExchange, and scalable solutions for businesses of all sizes. Salesforce is widely used by enterprises to streamline operations, improve customer relationships, and drive business growth.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Salesforce](https://www.salesforce.com/) |Salesforce is a leading Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform designed to help businesses manage sales, marketing, customer service, and analytics in one centralized system. It offers powerful tools for lead and opportunity management, sales forecasting, marketing automation, and customer support. Key features include AI-driven insights (via Einstein AI), extensive customization options, integration with third-party apps through AppExchange, and scalable solutions for businesses of all sizes. Salesforce is widely used by enterprises to streamline operations, improve customer relationships, and drive business growth.|
```
